Specimen Changes:

Bloat

He will always move when puking.
The puking animation will spawn 2 sets of 3 bile pellets.
Absorbs shotgun bullets.

Clot

2 or more clots can grab a berserker.
Takes 50% less damage from body shots.

Crawler

Negates all speed bonuses when hitting the target. The lost speed is regained over 10 seconds
A poison icon will appear on the HUD until the speed is regained.
Randomized PounceSpeed and MeleeRange to be between the base crawler and shade
Increased GroundSpeed and WaterSpeed to be halfway between the base crawler and shade

Stalker

Has the charging melee ability of the gorefast
The cool down timer has been removed so she will use her quick strikes in rapid succession.
On hit, causes bleed effect which deals [2-3] damage every 1.5 seconds, lasting 9.5 seconds.
A blood drop will appear on the HUD until the bleed effect is over.
Bleed damage ignores armor

Gorefast

Will always do the charging melee attack.
Minimum range to trigger his charge has been doubled to 1400 Unreal units.

Siren

Her scream will hit through all objects.
The damage dealt through welded doors is only 60% of the base damage.
The pull in effect is increased 33%.

Husk

He will randomly fire between two and five consecutive shots before the cool down timer kicks in.
Made him more reliable at hitting jumping targets at close range.
Projectile can land direct hits on targets

Scrake

He can only be stunned (actual stun, not flinch) once.
The stun timer can be reset if another stunning blow is landed before the stun ends.
Stun is immediately canceled if he is hit with a weak attack or a body shot from an attack that can head shot.
LAW will not break stun on body shots because it does not trigger head shot checks.
Buzzsaw bow and M99 will break stun on body shots
Only berserkers can interrupt scrake attacks with melee weapons.

Fleshpound

Breaking LOS or avoiding a frag will only pause the rage timer.
If the target dodges any "hits" from a fleshpound attack, the rage timer is not reset.
When enraged, if the fleshpound does not deal out a certain amount of damage (i.e. zerker or armored medic), he will rage again.
Added second damage accumulator that does not reset until it exceeds 1440 damage. When it does, the fleshpound rages

Patriarch

The Patriarch will automatically destroy any welded door in his path if he is escaping to heal
If he takes over 1000 damage in under 10 seconds, the patriarch will charge whoever is within 700 uu of him
Deals with pipe bombs more intelligently.
Much more aggressive, charging players more often and having reduced cool down between attacks.